Update bootstrap documentation (#673)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.9.0/docs/canton/usermanual/kms/external_key_storage/participant_kms_migration/participant_kms_migration_new_namespace.rst

..
   Copyright (c) 2023 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates.
..
   Proprietary code. All rights reserved.

.. _participant_kms_migration_new_namespace:

Participant Node Migration with a New Namespace
-----------------------------------------------

To migrate a non-KMS participant to a KMS-enabled one we need to make sure we have this new participant
connected to a KMS-compatible sync domain (e.g. :ref:`running JCE with KMS-supported encryption and
signing keys <external_key_storage_interoperability>`).
Afterwards, we transfer all parties, contracts and DARs from the old participant to the new one. Since, in this case,
we do not transfer the identities from the old node to the new one we need to re-write our contracts
so that they refer to the correct party ids. With this method, we can easily migrate our old participant
that runs an older protocol version to a new participant with KMS enabled that can be running a more recent
protocol version. Furthermore, we do not need to safe-keep the old node's root namespace key because
our participant namespace changes.

.. warning::

>     Currently this migration only works if you are migrating from an old participant node running protocol

Reviewer: important also that this only works for a single operator or if all other participant operators agree and follow the same steps (which you did not test here).

..
   Copyright (c) 2023 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates.
..
   Proprietary code. All rights reserved.

.. _participant_kms_migration_new_namespace:

Participant Node Migration with a New Namespace
-----------------------------------------------

To migrate a non-KMS participant to a KMS-enabled one we need to make sure we have this new participant
connected to a KMS-compatible sync domain (e.g. :ref:`running JCE with KMS-supported encryption and
signing keys <external_key_storage_interoperability>`).
Afterwards, we transfer all parties, active contracts and DARs from the old participant to the new one. Since, in this case,
we do not transfer the identities from the old node to the new one we need to re-write our contracts

> so that they refer to the new party ids. With this method, we can easily migrate our old participant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to refer to the new party ids. With this method, you can easily migrate your old participant
```

that runs an older protocol version to a new participant with KMS enabled that can be running a more recent

> protocol version. Furthermore, we do not need to safe-keep the old node's root namespace key because

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
protocol version. Furthermore, you do not need to safe-keep the old node's root namespace key, because
```

> our participant namespace changes. However, for it to work a single operator must control

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
your participant namespace changes. However, for it to work a single operator must control
```

    version 3. This only works for a single operator or if all other participant operators agree and
    follow the same steps.

First, you must recreate all parties of the old participant in the new participant, keeping the same display name,
but resulting in different ids due to the new namespace key:

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/enterprise/app/src/test/scala/com/digitalasset/canton/integration/tests/security/kms/KmsMigrationWithNewNamespaceIntegrationTest.scala
   :language: scala
   :start-after: user-manual-entry-begin: KmsRecreatePartiesInNewParticipantNewNs
   :end-before: user-manual-entry-end: KmsRecreatePartiesInNewParticipantNewNs
   :dedent:

Secondly, you should migrate your DARs to the new participant:

.. literalinclude:: /canton/includes/mirrored/enterprise/app/src/test/scala/com/digitalasset/canton/integration/tests/security/kms/KmsMigrationWithNewNamespaceIntegrationTest.scala
   :language: scala
   :start-after: user-manual-entry-begin: KmsMigrateDarsNewNs
   :end-before: user-manual-entry-end: KmsMigrateDarsNewNs
   :dedent:

Finally, you need to transfer the active contracts of all the parties from the old participant to the new one and

> re-write the party ids mentioned in those contracts to match the new party ids. We can then connect to the new sync domain:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
re-write the party ids mentioned in those contracts to match the new party ids. You can then connect to the new sync domain:
```
